Update endpoints (#6096)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain/maintain-endpoints.md

### Network Endpoints

> Endpoints for all production and test networks are visible on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endpoints for all production and test networks are listed on the
```

> [Polkadot-JS UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts) and can be accessed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Polkadot-JS UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts) which are accessed from
```

[here](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/tree/master/packages/apps-config/src/endpoints).
Endpoints for Polkadot Relay Chain and Kusama Relay Chain, parachains, and Paseo test network are

> maintained by the community. System Chains as well as Westend and Rococo test networks "official"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maintained by the community. System Chains as well as Westend and Rococo test network endpoints maintained by Parity Technologies
```

> endpoints are listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are listed below:
```
